# Type in Space

This is my first foray into making a productive game in collaboration with my
family. It's not pretty, but patches are very welcome! It's a simple Unity
project based on the Space Shooter tutorial.

It is playable now, but doesn't have any persistence or real game play aside
from simply trying to type as fast as you can. Booooring.

## Unity

Everything here is based on Unity. You should be able to open it in the Unity Editor and build it.

Master should always be correct.

# Roadmap

## Improved Menus

The menus are pretty rough, and I'm learning how to improve them now. I'm just
using a simple Canvas with buttons. I'd like to get something that is more
dynamic (in terms of instantiating items) and looks better.

## Profiles, Scoring, Saving Data

After I get menus and the UI that works well, I want persistent profiles. We
want to be able to compete as a family, and without saving our scores and
progress we can't really do that.

## Story Mode, Phase 1

The real fun of the game is going to come in the story. My daughter had a great
idea for this that I'm eager to implement. I'll break this out into separate
tasks when I'm ready, since this is when the game becomes "real".

You are a brave rescue worker, traveling throughout the galaxy to help those in
need. You have to type to fuel your ship through hyperspace, and the faster you
type the quicker you get to your destination.

Your destination is a planet in need! Your accuracy determines the percentage
of success (and impact of success) to avert the calamity afflicting the planet.
The higher percentage you save, the better "gift" you receive from that planets
population.

Each gift is then stored in a trophy case that you can see and eventually
display to others.

You'll be able to pick between the disasters, and there will be 3 options in
front based on the difficulty in typing the content. I'm sourcing all content
from [Simple Wikipedia](https://simple.wikipedia.com), but will figure out how
to "score" the difficulty of passages (punctuation, awkward phrasing or
difficult words).

## Pop Quiz, Hotshot

Since this is all about having entertaining, productive time we want to push
that a bit further! After you complete typing a story out, there will be a
couple questions you can answer for a bonus modifier.

For example, if you finish typing a passage about magnets, you'll get an
opportunity to answer 2 questions about magnets. Get those right, and your
reward for that mission may be shiny, or have some other rare modifier.
